- Stop! Stop!
No! No!
No!
- Thank you. Max.
All right. ladies.
Next week's performance
is going to be big.
Big. big. big.
I know you all have been
working really hard.
but I need you to give me more.
I need you to focus more.
Exhaustion creates
genius. right?
Okay. I'm gonna go
home. get some lunch.
and spend some
time with my baby.
And I will see you back
here at 8:30 sharp.
And then we can start tech.
Thank you. ladies.
Brittney.
this car is a disaster.
Were you just going to drive
it until the engine went out?
- I put gas in it.
I didn't know you had
to do more than that.
Oh. and I got an oil
change last year.
- Taylor. will you
grab me some oil?
I meant motor oil. you dope.
- My mistake.
Then again. I thought we
were going to the pool today.
- And I thought we
were going shopping
because you definitely are
not wearing that to the party.
- I haven't committed
to anything yet.
- What. why?
- Because Sam will be there?
- Yes. because
Sam will be there.
- But you two are
ancient history.
- Is three months ancient?
- It is to me.
- Well. right now.
we're not going anywhere
'cause this car needs
a complete overhaul.
- Honestly. April.
if I were you.
I would just skip going
to college next week
and open up a repair shop.
- I want to do more
than just repair cars.
I want to design them.
So can you hand me a wrench?
- This could be the
last time we hang out
before you and Taylor go off
to college and forget about me.
- You're going to college too.
- I'm not sure anymore.
I want to travel and relax
before I jump right
into school again.
so I'm taking a gap year.
- A gap year?
Wow.
You find that wrench yet?
- No. but I found this.
- Natalie.
- Mm-hmm.
- We all used to be so close.
You guys talk to her lately?
- Are you kidding?
- After Sam cheated
on you with her?
- Sam wasn't good
enough for you anyways.
- You know. I
expected it from Sam.
but not from Natalie.
Oh!
- See? All better.
- Now you just have to ignore
her at the party tonight.
- Natalie's going to the party?
Well then.
I am definitely not going.
- Oh. come on. April.
- No. I'm not gonna go.
- You have to come.
It's not gonna be
fun without you.
- Sam and Natalie?
You're insane.
- No.
- I'm not.
Please?
- I would not make you guys.
- It's not gonna be fun
if you're not there.
I am not
going. you guys.
I would never make
you guys do that.
- Hi. miss bishop.
- Hi.
Where are you not going?
April refuses to go
to the last party of
the summer with us.
She
doesn't want to go
because Sam is gonna be there.
- That's not the only reason.
- I hope that's
not a reason at all
because I know I didn't
raise my only daughter
to let some silly man dictate
how she spends her spare time.
Oh. it's that you don't want Sam
to know how happy
you are without him?
Honey. that is the
sweetest revenge.
I think your father
is still pissed off
that I'm not moping around
and crying over him.
- Mom.
- You know what?
You ladies need to
enjoy yourselves. okay?
You have the rest of your
lives to work all the time
and not go to parties.
- I'm still not going.
- Yes. you are.
- No. take my mom.
- You are.
No.
- What about you?
- What about me?
When was the last time
you went out and
had a good time?
- I enjoy my time
with you. dear.
Besides. with this show.
I have barely enough time
to go to the bathroom.
let alone go out.
- Let's make a deal.
I'll go to the party
and face my ex boyfriend
and my ex best friend
if you ask Kent out.
- Ooh.
- Who's Kent?
- Just this gorgeous man who
owns the theater downtown.
- He is a respected
professional and just a friend.
- Mom?
I appreciate all
of the sacrifices
that you've made for
me the past year.
but you have this amazing
opportunity with the show now
and it's your dream.
And I'm moving
out next week. so.
- Don't remind me.
- It's time you stopped
hitting the pause button
on your love life.
- I can't ask him out.
- Well then. I'm not
going to the party.
- Ms. Bishop. come on.
- Is there gonna be any
alcohol at this party?
- No way.
If there is. we will
definitely not partake.
- Oh. forget it.
My mom is way too scared to
ask Kent or anyone else out.
- Oh. is that right?
- Yeah. that's why
I made the bet.
- Well. you'd better get
ready to lose your money
because I will ask him out.
- All right.
- Tonight.
- Okay.
- You just be home by midnight.
- I'll be home way before that.
My troops are earning
their engineering badges
in the morning.
- I'll be at the
theater late tonight.
We have a new girl who
doesn't know the difference
between a pique and a u-turn.
And we open in three days.
- Miss bishop.
when are you gonna
put me in one of your shows?
- Taylor. you can't even twerk.
No. no. that was not.
- Wow.
- Well. thank god there will
be no twerking in this show.
You ladies just make sure
you keep my baby safe.
- I'll see you in the am. mom.
- I love you.
- Love you.
- Okay.
Let's get you ready.
You can wear something of mine.
- We don't actually
have the same taste.
- Oh. I know.
So you'll actually
look good for once.
- We're going to a party.
we're going to a party!
♪ One. two. three four ♪
♪ do you understand the risk ♪
♪ that you pose
to what this is ♪
♪ can you see beyond this haze ♪
♪ can you tell that
the fog is rolling in ♪
♪ white out your past again ♪
♪ to cover your mistakes ♪
- Yeah. you're going
to have a great time.
- Sure.
- You look so good.
- Lighten up.
- Good job by the way.
- If Sam talks to
me. I'm leaving.
- Oh. come on!
- It won't be that hard.
- Yeah. you look cute.
- I look like Taylor.
- Exactly. so you look good.
What is that supposed to mean?
Wait. where'd that
purse come from?
- She's international boutique.
- Oh. fancy.
- These earrings keep
snagging my hair.
Well. if you'd
stop messing with them.
I told you
they were too big.
They look good.
- Drop this?
Good to see you all.
- Can you believe this turnout?
- Great idea.
Look how many people are here.
I mean. they're all
gonna get a taste
of what real college
parties are gonna be like.
- You threw this party?
I thought you weren't
going to college
because of your gap year.
- Sam just wanted more people.
If anyone knows how to
draw a crowd. it's me.
- I thought you
weren't talking to Sam.
- I'm not talking to Natalie.
I didn't think Sam
was off limits.
Wait. April. you're
not mad. are you?
- Of course not.
I just need to
find the bathroom.
I have this sudden urge to puke.
- Wait. April. don't go.
- I just need a minute.
- It's fine.
We can still drink. you know.
- Hi. Natalie.
- Can we talk?
- You better get out there.
It seems like you have some
new competition for Sam.
- I don't want Sam.
- He break up with you already?
- Sam and I were never together.
- But you slept with him.
- Why would you even accuse
me of something like that?
- Just forget it.
- Now that high school
and all that dumb
drama's over with.
can we just start over?
- Pretend it didn't happen?
But it did happen.
You were my best
friend. Natalie.
And you threw me
away for some guy
who spends more time on
his hair than you do.
- Wait. April. if you'll
just listen to me.
- I have.
And it doesn't get any better.
- I miss you.
- And I miss you.
But I can't trust you anymore.
So have a good night.
- So. do you like to bartend?
Yeah?
April. where are you going?
- Home!
- But we drove in Taylor's car.
Yeah. well.
I'll get a ride.
- Look. I'm sorry
I didn't tell you.
I helped him plan the party.
but I knew if you found out.
you were gonna act like how
you're acting right now.
- Am I being a baby about this?
- Yes. so drink
this and grow up.
- We told my mom
there'd be no drinking.
- One little shot
is barely drinking.
- I don't think my scouts
will appreciate
their troop leader
being drunk in the morning.
- Fine. I'll get you
something kid friendly.
Here you go. mom.
Here's your ginger ale.
What's wrong now?
- Taylor likes Sam now?
- I don't know. why?
Maybe they're just talking.
Sam doesn't just talk.
- Here.
- You said this was ginger ale.
- It is. among other things.
- Screw it.
Being the good girl all
the time is overrated.
- Come on. let's dance.
- Okay.
- Together. okay?
Five. six. seven. eight.
You know. stop. just wait.
Take five. all right?
Go clear your heads. get
some water. do something.
Jeez.
- Well. it's looking good.
It's looking good.
And you're almost sold out.
So. TGIF. huh?
- Thank god it's Friday.
- Well. in our case. the
grind includes Friday. right?
- That it does.
- So how are you feeling?
How's rehearsal going?
- It's. uh. it's going.
- Yeah?
Well I'm sure it's
gonna be great.
Your performances always are.
- Well. thank you.
- Well. if you need anything.
I'll be up in my office.
- Kent?
- Yeah?
- Are you working
tomorrow night?
- No. are you?
- No. I gave the girls off.
Rehearsals with the full
cast start next week.
Miss bishop.
we're ready to run
the routine again.
- Okay. well let me
let you get to it.
Break a leg.
- I am too old for this.
All right. ladies.
Let's take it from the top.
And five. six. seven. and...
- Everything's so blurry.
- Yeah. that's 'cause
you never drank before.
Come on. let's sit for a bit.
Are you okay?
I don't feel good.
- You just need a water.
Stay here.
Okay.
- April.
April. wait.
April. don't leave.
Here. here. hydrate.
You'll feel better.
- Oh. that tastes like crap.
- It's just water.
- I want to go home.
- But we're having so much fun.
- No. you're having so much fun.
I was just pretending.
I'll call a ride.
- Well. let's get some fresh air
while we wait for
your ride to get here.
- Thank you.
- Sam sucks anyways.
- Yeah. he does suck.
You're too good for him.
You knew that.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Who cares?
- Yeah.
- Boop.
- Let's sit.
- You don't have to wait for me.
- No way.
You know how many freaks
come out at night?
I want to make sure you
get in the car okay.
I think that's your ride now.
- Has it been 20 minutes?
- He did get here kind of quick.
Let me make sure this
is the right guy.
- Ride for April?
- It's the right guy.
Let's go.
- Hi.
I don't feel good.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey.
Let me help. let me help.
- No. I got her.
- No. I'm just trying to help.
- I said I got her!
- Whatever you say.
- Hey. take it easy.
Watch your step.
watch your step.
Hey. you'll be fine. okay?
Just sleep it off.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Thank you. Brittney.
You're the best.
- April. wait. maybe we should...
- Hey. can you close the door?
I need to get your friend home.
- Where's April going?
- Home.
She's just going home.
My drinking buddies ditched me.
You want to hang?
- You want to be friends again?
- Why not?
Drinks are on me.
- Where's my phone?
Sir?
Excuse me?
Can we go back?
I think I left my
phone with my friend.
Can we go back
and get it please?
- Can't. new policy.
- Where are we going?
What address do you have?
- Just relax.
We're almost there.
- Where are we?
- Relax.
- I don't live here.
- Get out.
- Who are you?
- You guys are just
taking a pit stop.
The Van broke down.
- Okay.
My seatbelt.
- Here. let me help you.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Are you kidding me?
- Help. help!
- Really?
Why did you let
the money escape?
- Why didn't you drug her more?
- You want the
doctor to find out?
April!
Oh no. you don't.
You got a brain in there. huh?
- Please. no!
- Let's find out if
you got a brain. huh?
Huh. huh?
Let's see if you
got a brain. huh?!
- Okay. okay!
- That's enough. man!
Get up.
I said. get up.
- No. no. no. no. no!
- Shut up!
- No. please!
No!
Let me go!
Where are you taking me?
Please!
No!
Don't put me in there!
No! No!
- I thought you said the
girl was gonna be easy.
- Calm down. dude.
- Why wasn't she
drugged out more?
- Come on. we got
her. didn't we?
You know. the next one
will just be easier.
- What makes you so sure?
- Because you're gonna help me.
Please!
What are
you doing. Tracey?
- I'm sorry. I didn't
mean to startle you.
I was just seeing if you need
anything before I head out.
but I didn't mean to
sneak up on you like that.
- I don't mind.
You could sneak up on
me anytime you like.
- Oh. okay.
- I mean. I didn't...
- No. no. no. I
know what you meant.
I know what you meant.
But no. actually. as I reflect.
earlier today. you asked me
if I had to work tomorrow
and I was wondering if. were
you trying to ask me out?
Were you checking me out?
- Yes.
- Yes?
- That is if you
were gonna say yes.
If you were gonna say no.
then that conversation
never happened.
- Oh. really?
Okay.
Well. do you even like bowling?
- No.
- No?
Me neither.
I mean. it's cool. but I
couldn't date an avid bowler.
You might want to join a league.
arm wrestle at night.
something crazy.
- Well. how about dinner?
- Okay.
Tomorrow night. seven o'clock.
I know this little
sweet Italian place.
You do eat Italian. right?
- Oh yeah.
Who doesn't love spaghetti?
A little mangia. mangia.
A little vino on the side.
- Well. that's good.
- And then after that.
a little salsa club.
a little dancing.
Uh-oh.
- I didn't know you
knew how to salsa.
- There's a lot you don't
know about me. young lady.
After a year's
time. a whole lot.
- There's a lot I
need to find out.
All right. ladies.
That's good.
Let's take it
again from the top.
Thank you.
- Help. please!
Please!
Come on.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
- Excuse me.
April?
April. are you in here?
Because your ride is here.
which is news to me because I
thought I was taking you home.
- Find her?
- No.
What did Brittney say?
- Nothing.
She's gone too. so.
- My god.
- Stop!
No!
Natalie?
What do you want from us?
Answer me!
Well at least just
turn off the freezer.
- Why did you turn it on?
- I didn't mean to.
It was an accident.
- My dad always told me
to clean up my own messes.
Same goes for you.
No!
No.
- I thought he
was gonna kill me.
- Natalie. stop crying.
- What are they
keeping us alive for?
- Will you be quiet
so I can think?
- Why are they keeping us alive?
- Your crying. it's
making me tense.
- Well. excuse me.
How am I supposed to act?
- Calm down.
- I'll calm down as soon
as we get outta here.
But one thing I won't do
is be bossed and told how
I can and can't behave
by someone who can't even
stand the sight of me.
- Whether I like you or not
has nothing to do with
what is going on right now.
We need to get over this crap
if we're gonna get out of here.
- Exactly where the hell are we?
- I don't know.
which is why I need you
to shut up so I can think!
Thank you.
We're gonna get out of here.
There's always a way out.
And I just need to find it.
- I can't believe they left me.
Taylor.
where are you going?
- April and Brittney left me.
- Okay. let's go
back to the party.
- No. Sam.
- Come on.
- They're not
answering their phone.
- What?
- My earring.
I let April borrow
my big hoops tonight.
Must have fallen
off when she left.
- Yeah. they probably
just grabbed a ride
with somebody else.
When was the last
time you saw them?
- I'm not sure.
I got so caught up
with you that...
She must have seen us
together dancing and...
- Yeah. and April got
upset and drove somewhere
and then they talked
about what a jerk I am.
- Well. you are a jerk.
- No. don't try to
make this my fault.
I didn't force you
to dance with me.
Where you going?
- I have to find them.
Hopefully April just
went back to her house.
- Hey. wait. wait. wait.
- Sam. not now.
- Look. hey.
I want to find her too. okay?
I know you think
that I'm a jerk.
but I'm a jerk who cares.
- Come on.
About time you realized.
That should help
with the bleeding.
Where else does it hurt?
- Why are you helping me?
- Because if we do die. I
don't want to go to hell.
I'm kidding.
We're not gonna die.
Where else did he hurt you?
- My back mostly.
That's where he hit me
when I tried to run away.
I knew I should've walked away
when I saw that Van pull up.
- A Van?
A silver Van?
- But Brittney double-checked
and she made sure...
- Brittney?
Brittney helped me
into the Van too.
which means that Brittney
can go to the police
and tell them about...
- Brittney's dead.
- Natalie. tell
me what happened.
- So Brittney and I
drank and then we danced.
And before I knew
it. I couldn't walk
and Brittney had
ordered me a ride home.
- Ride for Natalie?
- But I didn't order a Van.
- No. I checked the app.
This is your ride.
Mike. right?
- Yeah.
- You know what?
I'm just gonna go
back into the party.
- Listen.
Hey. we want to make sure
you get home safe. okay?
- No. it's okay.
Natalie.
you're really drunk.
- I can just get a ride
from somebody else.
No. I'm okay.
- We're here.
- I'm okay.
Stop it!
Let go of me!
Wait. wait!
No!
Help me. please!
- Calm down.
Go. come on. come on!
Brittney!
- Did those men force
Brittney into the Van too?
- They left her outside.
- You think they killed her?
No. no. no. no. no.
Brittney can't be dead.
- But I heard them hitting her.
- We can't think like that.
Brittney's the last person
to see us get into the Van.
She's the only person
that could tell the others
what happened to us.
- What if she's in on it?
- Why would you even think that?
Brittney doesn't hurt people.
She's not someone who
betrays her friends.
- You mean she's not like me?
- Brittney is alive.
- But what if...
- No what if's.
I know Brittney.
She went to get help.
We just have to hang in
there until they get here.
- Here?
We don't know where here is.
How will Brittney
or anyone else know?
- Hello.
- Hi. miss bishop.
- Hi. Taylor.
Sam.
Got a new haircut.
- We just came by to see
if April made it home okay.
- I thought she was
riding with you.
- Sam was gonna take her home.
but then we got separated.
- Well. she ordered a ride.
but the driver said she
never showed up. so.
- And she's not
answering her phone.
And I tried knocking and
I tried the doorbell.
but no one answers.
- When is the last
time you saw her?
- I don't know. it's been a...
- Couple hours?
- A couple of hours?
- I know. I'm sorry.
I should've called you.
I'm sure she's fine.
She's gotta be. right?
April. April?
- Oh. we gotta turn
off this freezer.
- How?
- I don't know. but
we gotta find a way.
- April. baby.
call me as soon as you
get this message. okay?
I'm not gonna be upset.
I just need to
know where you are.
I need to go find her.
- Well. hey. let's track her
phone. find her that way.
Yeah?
It's pretty simple.
Can I use your phone?
Okay.
- At least he's
good for something.
- There's this app that
reverse tracks your phone. so.
What's wrong?
- It's just...
Sam!
- She's at layman family farms.
- What is she doing there?
Come on.
- What happened? What's wrong?
- Muscle spasm from
when I fell earlier.
Ow!
- Sorry.
Did I hurt you?
- No. it's okay.
keep doing that.
This reminds me
of the sleepovers
we used to have in middle school
where we'd trade massages
and your mom would help
us put on mud masks.
- Like a sixth grader
needs a facial.
- Your mom was so cool.
She was the best
dance teacher in town.
She really should
have gone to Broadway.
How is she?
- I don't know.
must be going out of
her mind right now.
- Good. then she'll call the
police and try and find us.
I miss your mom.
She always made me feel like
I was a part of your family.
That's until the
whole thing with Sam.
April. I'm so sorry.
- Natalie. right
now is not the time.
- Sam and I never
slept together.
But I saw
you two in the hot tub.
- Doing nothing.
- Why didn't you deny it?
- I did. but you
didn't want to hear it.
- Wouldn't you be insecure too
if your best friend
looked like you?
- If anyone should
be jealous of anyone.
it's me about you.
- Stop.
- If you really think
I was gonna throw away
our whole entire friendship
over a one night
stand in a hot tub.
then you never really
knew me at all.
- Sam was dancing
with Taylor all night.
Listen. I know it's Sam.
But I thought I lost you.
I can't think about
this right now.
We just have to figure out
how to get out of here.
We're just getting colder.
- It says we're just
a quarter mile away.
Should be around that corner.
- I'm sure she's okay.
A lot of kids just like
to get freaky out here
at the end of summer. you know?
- Sam. please. stop talking.
- Stop.
That's Brittney's car.
- See. I told you.
they're just out here
to have some fun.
- Well. where are they then?
Wait. let me get my flashlight.
- The tracker says the signal
is coming from
somewhere in there.
Come on.
- I'm not going in there.
- Come on.
- The tracker says the signal's
coming from over there.
April!
- Wait. miss bishop. quiet.
- April!
- Miss bishop. quiet.
- Don't shush me!
- No. maybe April
doesn't want to be found.
Okay. maybe her and Brit-Brit
met some guys at the party
and they came back
here to keep partying.
- Sam.
- You get it?
- How long did you
date my daughter?
- I don't know.
maybe five months.
- Well. in that
did you learn anything
about who she is?
Because if you did.
you would know that she
doesn't behave like this.
Maybe you don't
know her the same way I do.
- Why don't you go
back to the car?
Taylor and I can follow
the signal by ourselves.
You are not helping.
April!
- Damn it. April.
you were a pain when we dated
and you're even
more of a pain now.
April!
Brittney!
What a waste of time.
April!
- Did you hear that?
- Hear what?
Come on.
- I don't think we
should be over here.
- What are you
talking about. Taylor?
- We should go back.
- No.
We have to look. okay?
You go look up there. okay?
- What?
- Just call me if
you see something.
- Sorry.
I didn't find anything.
Now what?
Maybe she's in there.
- Wait.
If she's in there. I want
to be the one to find her.
- Stay back!
I'm not gonna let
you hurt her anymore!
- No one's going to hurt you.
You're in my hands now.
Where are they?
- Stupid app says
she's out here.
- Miss bishop.
does the app let you send
an alert to April's phone?
- I don't know.
Here. let's try.
It's coming from over there.
April!
That's April's phone.
And that's
Brittney's Bylin tulip purse.
- They must've come here
after the party like Sam said.
- Miss bishop. I think we
should call the police.
- No. no.
because if we call the police.
that means something is wrong.
and nothing is wrong.
- Yeah. but if something did
happen to April and Brittney.
then we could be in danger too.
- Just give me 15 more minutes
to try to find her. okay?
Just 15 minutes. please.
- Okay.
- This freezer shouldn't
even be on right now.
Turn it off please.
- I'm not a handyman.
- Okay. well.
we'll just have to get this
over very quickly. won't we?
- Get what over?
- Just trust me.
Everything is okay.
- Can I get some water?
- I'll be with you soon.
- I'm kind of thirsty too.
- Lift up your top.
- What. why?
- I want to make
sure you weren't hurt
when they put you in here.
- What is this examination for?
Please just let us go home.
- Just do what the doctor says!
- Please.
It's almost over.
- I didn't pick her.
- Pick me for what?
- Is this scar from
appendix surgery?
Yes. when I was nine.
Any
other surgeries?
- No. and why are you asking?
- I'll tell you everything
after I make sure
your friend is okay.
- Miss bishop. it's
been 10 minutes.
- I said I needed 15 minutes.
Just give me five more minutes.
She's not here. is she?
Oh my god.
What's happening to my baby?
- Come on. miss bishop.
Let's go back to the
car and find Sam.
And we can call the police.
Okay?
Come on.
Come on. let's go.
- It hurts too much
where he hit me.
- I didn't hit
her. Mike hit her.
but she was trying to run.
- Show me where it hurts.
- Back here.
- Run!
Run!
- Get her!
That was a mistake!
- Come on out. come on
out wherever you are.
April. you here?
No. nowhere? Great.
- Sam?
- Brittney?
- Sam. what are you doing here?
- Just looking
for you and April.
- What makes you
think she's with me?
- We tracked her phone out here.
- We?
- What are you doing out here?
My car broke down.
I called my brother
to come get me.
- Oh. your car.
Well. couldn't April fix that?
- No. she can't.
She's...
Sam. I need you to leave
before he gets here.
- Well. I didn't even
know you had a brother.
- He's been gone.
He lives with my dad.
Sam. I'm gonna explain
everything tomorrow. okay?
All I need you to do
right now is leave.
- I'm not going anywhere
until I know where April is.
- Sam. get out of here.
- Why. what's wrong?
- Sam. run now.
- Why?
- No. Sam. please.
My brother is crazy.
Please. Sam. now.
Sam. he's crazy.
Mike!
- Get away from her!
Get off of her!
- Mike. stop. Mike!
Mike!
Mike. stop it!
Stop. Mike!
Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. stop!
Mike. stop. please. please!
You'll kill him!
Mike. please!
Mike. why did you do that?
Why did you do that?
Sam didn't know anything.
- I couldn't take that chance.
Come on. help me
get him to the Van.
- No. no. no. no.
I did my part. I did my part.
I got you April and Natalie
and I put their stuff
in the boathouse.
- Brittney. Brittney. Brittney.
what did you think was gonna
happen to your little friends
when the doc cut 'em
open. huh. huh. huh?
- You said that it was gonna
look like a boating accident.
but they'd still live. Mike.
they'd still live!
They weren't supposed
to die. Mike!
- Just stop freaking out!
Would you please
stop freaking out?!
- I don't want to do this.
I don't want to do this.
- calm down!
I don't want to do this please.
I don't want anyone to die.
Please. please. Mike.
I don't want to do this.
Hey!
- Don't be scared.
I got you. okay?
Listen. I got you.
Listen. listen to me.
listen to me. listen to me.
Tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow.
we're gonna be on a plane.
We're gonna be in a new city.
There's gonna be new faces.
No one's gonna know us.
Nobody's gonna know us.
Does that sound nice. huh?
- Yeah.
- Huh?
- Yeah?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Okay. okay.
Right. okay. so.
help me get him
in the Van. okay?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Okay? Okay?
Come on. come on. come on.
Mike.
- I'm sorry I tried.
I couldn't. I tried.
- Why isn't Mike back?
Do I have to do everything?
- No.
- I just want you to know
what I'm about to
do is your fault.
- No. please!
Don't close the door!
- No!
We won't tell anybody
that you did this!
- Focus. okay.
Come on.
Focus.
- What are you looking at?
- Nothing.
- You sure no one
else is with him?
Yeah.
Let's get going.
- Are they coming back for us?
- When they do. we'll be ready.
- What is that for?
- Insulation.
Come on.
- Miss bishop. this is crazy.
We can't just follow them.
- That's the only way
we're gonna find her.
- Yeah. but the police
should handle this.
Hello. hello. is anybody there?
Damn it.
- What's the matter.
you can get through?
- No. it just keeps cutting out.
The service out here is
practically nonexistent.
How does anybody out
here use their phone?
- Maybe they don't.
Maybe that's why they
brought her out here
so that she can't.
- Well then the police
should handle this.
Can't you just drive to
a station or something?
- Taylor. the police
cannot find her
if they don't know where she is!
Just keep calling.
You'll get through.
- To keep your body heat.
- Who taught you how
to do this stuff?
- 10-year old.
One of the scouts in my troop.
- Smart kid.
- I was supposed to take her
and the others hiking
tomorrow morning.
- What did you see when
you tried to run away?
- It's like
a broken down warehouse.
There's this weird room
with surgical supplies
and a hospital bed.
- Are they gonna operate on us?
What for?
- No.
We're not gonna find out.
When they open that door.
I'm gonna make a
run for it again.
I don't care if he has a bat.
Okay?
- I'll bust his balls.
No one's coming to
save us. are they?
- I don't know.
- Well if we aren't gonna
make it out of here.
I have to tell you something.
- Natalie.
Who cares about that right now?
- I bet you're thinking
if I had to die with someone.
I'd rather it be anyone
other than Natalie.
- I don't think that.
I'm glad I'm not alone.
I'm glad you're here with me.
They're not gonna kill us.
We can fight back.
Okay?
- Okay.
- What if she's already dead?
I'm going in there.
- No.
- Still be alive.
- Miss bishop.
what are you doing?
- Let go of the door. Taylor.
- What are you doing?
You can't leave me out here.
- Listen to me.
Call the police.
- I tried.
- Keep trying until
you get through.
If anything happens. just run.
- And just leave you here?
- I can't just stay here. Move.
Keep trying.
I gotta go.
- We can get jobs on the beach.
A very hot beach.
I don't even care if it's humid.
just not like this.
What do you think. Nat?
Natalie?
Come on.
Pick.
Key west or Mexico?
Natalie. come on!
Wake up!
I told you not to fall asleep.
Come on!
I wasn't really mad at you.
I just wanted you
to feel how I felt.
I know that's some
passive aggressive bs. but
wake up and tell
me what a stupid.
stubborn idiot I am
for not believing you.
You can even hit me if you want.
Please!
Wake up.
Don't leave me alone here.
- You can still use him. right?
- Maybe. if you hadn't
beat him so severely.
- It wasn't my fault.
He showed up.
- And how did he just show up?
Was anyone with him?
- No. No.
- You sure?
- Yes.
Okay. Brittney said
that it was just...
- I should believe your sister?
- Uh. yes. Sam was
a friend of mine.
- Brittney. stay out of this.
- How did he know
where to find you?
- Okay. leave her out of this.
Brittney. go wait
in the hallway.
Go! Now!
- Your sister looks a
little bit unstable.
I thought you said
I could trust her.
- You can.
Okay. Brittney will do whatever
the hell I tell her to do.
- Do you know how long it
took me to work all this up?
The plane. the buyers.
- I did exactly as you asked
and got exactly what you need.
Very. very specific girls
that nobody would notice
if they went missing.
And it was really easy to do
because all my sister's
friends are losers.
- I am not going
back to prison again.
- You think I want
to go back there?
- Your sister gets a conscience
and runs to the police.
we both could.
- I told you I can handle her.
What about him?
- Maybe 10k for his corneas.
The rest of him is
pretty much junk.
Right now. we need to
focus on the real money.
Put him in the back.
- I wasn't gonna let them out.
- Don't you lie to me!
- I just want to make
sure they're okay.
Mike. please don't hurt me!
You wouldn't let that doctor
do anything bad to me.
would you?
- That depends.
You gonna behave?
- I did what you asked.
I got the girls.
I even helped you with Sam.
- You did.
I'm really proud of you.
What we did tonight
took real guts.
- So you won't hurt me?
- Do you love me. Brittney?
- Yes.
- Prove it.
Now. go wait outside
and get some fresh air.
Let the doc and I
finish up. okay?
- Don't scream or
so help me god.
- Miss bishop.
- Where is she?
- Jeez. why is it
so cold in here?
- The fans are on.
- Why didn't you turn them off?
- They broke it
and I figured they just
needed to learn a lesson.
- Ladies. who's first. huh?
Come on. wake 'em up.
Let's go.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
Let's go. come on.
What?
- They're not breathing.
- What. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no. no!
- Miss bishop.
- Is April in there?
- Miss bishop. please.
- You need to tell me
where she is right now.
What is going on?
- I can't.
- I'm going.
- Miss bishop. you can't.
- Let go of me!
- Miss bishop.
my brother's gonna kill
you if you go in there.
He's gonna kill you
just like he killed Sam.
Miss bishop. you
can't go in there.
I didn't want to do this.
He made me do this.
I didn't want to
do it. miss bishop.
He made he do it.
- Didn't want to
do what. Brittney?
- I can't.
- We make our own choices.
We make good choices
and we make bad choices.
but they're ours to make.
Now. I don't know what you did
to get April involved
with your brother tonight.
but it's not too late.
We can fix this.
You need to help me
find my daughter.
Do you hear me?
- I can't.
- I need to find my daughter.
- I'm sorry.
Miss bishop. wait.
Miss bishop. you don't
know where she is.
But I do.
They
gonna be okay. doc?
- They're both breathing.
but the girl with the appendix
scar has a very low pulse.
- Should we get them
out of the freezer?
- And put them where. huh?
This is the only secure
place in the warehouse
we can lock them up.
- We're not taking
anyone anywhere.
I am not leaving here tonight
without something
to show for it.
- I was only
looking out for you.
- By freezing them to death?
- I didn't know it was
gonna get so cold in here.
- It is sub zero temperatures.
They are human bodies.
- Hey. guys.
Will you shut up?
- April. April. April. wake up.
- Understood. we'll be there.
The jet is fueled and
ready for takeoff.
I figure two hours
for the surgeries.
one hour to dispose
of the bodies.
We should be on our
way to Mexico by dawn.
And then we never have
to see each other again.
- After we get our money.
- Of course.
How are her vitals?
- Pulse is steady.
The oxygen worked.
- Then let's begin.
- Oh my god. my baby.
My baby.
What is going on?
Where is April?
- I begged them
to take me first.
but they took April.
- Where is she?
- They took April instead.
- I knew I couldn't trust you!
Let go!
- Get his arms.
Get his arms so we can
put him in the freezer.
Help us. Brittney.
Grab his feet.
Brittney. grab his feet!
Brittney. help us.
Help us!
Brittney. come on.
Brittney!
- Close the door.
- Brittney. come on!
- Please.
Brittney. please.
- Close it now!
- Brittney. please. please.
- What's taking so long?
My friend is dead.
Just please get here.
- Relax.
This will all be over
in a few minutes.
- She's not unconscious yet.
- We're running late already.
I can't wait any longer.
Hold her down.
Get away
from my daughter!
- You win.
Do it. kill me.
What are you waiting for?!
Kill me.
- No. I want you to pay for
what you've done and everyone...
- Oh god. baby.
Why?
Why did you do this?
Why her?
- I told them to get me
girls that didn't matter.
girls that no one
would really miss.
Nobody cares about
girls like her!
- He can't hurt me anymore.
He can't hurt anyone anymore.
Brittney?
- What are you doing here?
- We came to see our friend.
- Friend.
I thought you'd never
want to see me again.
- We just wanted to make
sure that you were okay.
- I'm okay.
I hate myself most days.
Plenty enough for all of you.
- We don't hate you. Brittney.
If it wasn't for you.
we wouldn't be alive.
- Thank you.
- Of course. it's gonna take
some time for forgiveness.
- But true friendship
is worth fighting for.
We brought you something.
- You're stronger
than you think.
- Yeah. we all are.
April and I would
have never been put at risk
if it wasn't for the surgeon
hired to take our organs.
That's why we ask you
to keep a close
on your colleagues
or any others in
the medical field
tempted to get
involved in this crime.
- If there are no surgeons
to perform these operations.
then we can derail new
instances of organ trafficking.
The traffickers
specifically target
women like Natalie and me.
- Women of color.
- People no one
thinks will be missed.
Natalie and I were lucky
because we had
the love of my mom
and our friends to not
let us be a statistic.